 as a result of the four-year period, there is a need for the tax on the possession of property and the tax number of chinese people.
 in accordance with the legal norms of the convention, the provisions of clause 4 of the convention was subject to the implementation of the article 4.
 in 1993, the economic performance of economic performances during the 1 quarter of 1993, and the economic performance of the 1 quarter of 1993 could be good.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and pointed out that the candidates should be included in the recruitment of recruitment after the consultation exercise.
 the 1 step in the 2 phase of the 2 phase calls for the introduction of grade grades as a basis for remuneration.
 and in accordance with the gradual development of china's tourism market, the price of price prices for these zones may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate of market stalls is, in fact, at present the current vacancy rate for 5 years ago.
 the most difficultness of the peace-keeping situation is the most important change in the year's performance in the year's year.
 there must be a need to look at the country, rather than instruments.
 a spokesman for the israeli spokesperson said that the occupying forces had to stay for his long period.
 some of us believe that this action from the beginning of the consultation process from the beginning, may not be possible.
 this is very helpful to the complexity of the member states about the complexity of the court.
 the namibian family family association was established in january 1996 and has now been a major non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 states parties are most suitable to report on the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it exercises its power to the treaty of international treaties, and it is the subject of law and the fact that it is subject to a international law.
 while the current activities are still limited, the size of the future space activity is expected to be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation and to try to see facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictions of resources.
 those who need to be allowed to those who understand the law knows that the international community has the security council and the actions of the united nations.
 regardless of their responsibilities, parents cannot afford to hand, and their responsibilities are completely pushed on the schools and teachers.
 " now, it is now happy to see that the implementation of two systems systems, hong kong people enjoy the results of this system.
 today's list of speakers were on the list of malaysia, who will speak on behalf of the group of 21, who will speak on behalf of the group.
 the government understands that the hos scheme is to avoid the avoiding competition with private property market and maintains different from the public.
 we explore ways in which the control of the united nations should be guided with close consultations with close consultations with the countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term elected chief executive will be elected by a 800 members.
 if a person is a guarantee of security, the person must pay at least appropriate attention to prevent the use of the device.
 it also has established the international e-commerce network in the country, and in october 1998, the 1 time in october 1998.
 the gross growth rate of gross domestic product in 1996 was revised by 4.9% to 5.0%.
 the first visit to china after the first visit to china, prince and lovedine will be visited hong kong for the first time.
 the government of chile expresses its strongest protest against a nuclear device on 8 june 1996.
 for the reasons stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for the military of military volunteers are not compensable.
 such appointments should be made by the president of the general assembly to consult the president of the general assembly with regional groups.
 the difficult assessment of the two countries and the government of belarus to do long-standing problems and the governments of the republic of belarus had been unable to make the organization.
 member of the panel of the world trade panel on registration for disputes between india and the united states, india and the united states.
 the warmth of the grandther's law, he decided to have chosen as a surchia university.
 however, the committee had pointed out that the service of the country was not a good benefit.
 the constitution of the constitution refers to the introduction of a system of education and services that the state will establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that they wish to use the internet payment to register with bank registration.
 mr tsang finally expressed his gratitude to the staffing of the marine team's bases base and other relevant parties.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, there is a political need to have a political degree of preconditions for these groups.
 on the 8, tropical cyclone warning was gradually moved at 10.30.30 am to normal.
 this was partly part of the draft resolutions prepared to be prepared by the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 that is why we believe that the indonesian authorities would really wish to solve these problems.
 official languages were included in the official languages of english, russian, french and spanish, this year.
 the transactions carried out by hong kong and domestic financial institutions, accounting for 16 per cent of local financial institutions and local financial institutions, shares with 22% and 10 per cent.
 " in the long term, we are planning to construct more multi-storeys for more than a single single single singletonel.
 it is crucial for the search for a multilateral cooperation to the multilateral cooperation in the future.
 the culprit was subsequently arrested and sentenced to theft of theft.
 concern was expressed regarding the donority of donor relief to humanitarian relief in the region.
 the prosecutor has made a decision on this subject, and the chamber has passed him to france to france.
 the trend towards economic progress to the promotion of economic progress and the stability of social stability has thus adversely affected these countries.
 one week is one or seven days.
 now, we have entered the united nations through the united nations, through the united nations, with interaction with north-south and south-west.
 thirdly, special emphasis was placed on the implementation of local places, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a key role to enable information and communication and promoting the development of the developing countries.
 teacher law cautioned against him, " he is not possible to understand the sword, " he said.
 (15) an international perspective in respect of the words and thinking of thinking.
 the 2 months have been taken over the terrorist attacks of 11 september.
 officials of the ministry of agriculture of china expressed their considerable effective measures to prevent the outbreak of avian fluovian flu.
 it was agreed that the preventive deployment of the united nations peacekeeping force will be able to prevent the possibility of preventing the potential of violent conflicts.
 but this is critical, however, that the opposing alliance must be clear and identifying their enemy.
 i hope that the executive may wish to start with different voices of dialogue with different voices.
 a representative of the spokesperson of a spokesperson of spokesperson was commended for the efforts made by the unifem for its response to the evaluation proposals.
 the chinese government intends to begin the final plan early next year, and 13 coal have been established in the country in the country.
 looking at this time, the old-year-old tide of the keungung river is a hundred-year step.
 as part of the daily monitoring work of the day, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card business of the authorized institutions.
 in our country, the arabic language is the 2 official language.
 the university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued by the state of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs of the member states.
 details of the publications are rich and detailed reports on statistical developments in the social and economic spheres of the community.
 the overwhelming majority of member states have shown their tendency to increase the increase in both permanent members of the council and the category of permanent members.
 if customers are issued in six months after the stamps issued by special stamps, it will sell the purchases of the special stamps.
 following the interview with mr joseph wong, the deputy secretary for education, mr joseph wong, and the department of education and the department of education and education department.
 in 1960, hong kong's reputation was the executive director of the foundation.
 it would not be easy to determine the contribution of voters and election activities which might have to be affected by the judge.
 the united states members of the south pacific are deeply regretted to the resumption of the resumption of the nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the graduation age is 15 years of age.
 service fee is $ 20 per annum. "
 the bulldododozed the bulldozer in many cases even in many cases even in many cases.
 these actions are subject to the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials and the public and the public.
 in fact, i would like to be belgium is the relevant people of the european parliament.
 at the present time, the concept of national sovereignty, national security and national security, and the concept of peace and implementation.
 such an instrument would benefit the responsibility for the identification of a real responsibilities in space objects.
 at the 1st meeting at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the co-chairmen of the joint chairman of the united nations.
 the committee affirms its importance to the process of strengthening the nation-building, the consolidation of the rule of law, democracy and civilization.
 the conference on disarmament is urged to agree on a programme of work for the conference on disarmament, including the immediate establishment of a body.
 damage suffered by the palestinian troops and the residence of the palestinian army.
 the structure has become more deered and concise, and it is even more intense and content.
 this continues not only to go for high prices, but also the great importance of government departments and experts from the government.
 let me take a look at the heart of the heart and take into account the hearts of the heart.
 we could not have any valuable views on the political academics of academic scholars and we can never be able to tell them.
 as the saying goes, " we do not make a mistake. "
 if the success of the large national party is confirmed, it will be expected to accelerate the democratic party in the millennium.
 in the wake of the day after the days of the day, the days of the palace can be refused, as a result of the " second year ".
 in the mainland china, open people from the mainland are optimistic about the mainland.
 the most common aspect of the functionality of the existence of functionality is the exclusive economic zone for navigation and through the territorial sea, which shall be exclusive.
 the spokesman reminded members of the public to report to the police as soon as possible.
 the margaret chan, who was elected to the director-general of the 19 margaret chan, officially elected the director-general of the first united nations specialized agencies in the united nations.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the absence of international conventions, the provisions of law on extradition is enforced by the implementation of international protocols.
 the universal declaration of human rights in the united nations adopted by the general assembly by the united nations, adopted by the general assembly, has taken a new era for states relations.
 the committee commends the broad human rights guarantees in the slovenia constitution of slovenia, in particular, to guarantee the human rights of women.
 er, on the basis of this, there was no case in white.
 the principle of non-discrimination is therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating a historic process of history, and the beginning of more than two years ago, and in multiple political difficulties.
 during the report of the government's report of the government's homepage, the number of accessings of the services department's web site rose from april to 60000.
 there were no case in the previous cases or in the case of the committee.
 the state party may wish to deal with the problem in the near future.
 nuclear-related achievements of the nuclear commission depends on the basis of the competence and committees of its members and the committee.
 the letter of authorisation of registration must be signed by the original school.
 the present contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you are aware, we are in the pursuit of " quality " does not mean that we believe " is not important.
 in the country of the congo, the international community has a general view that the international community had no way to end the conflict.
 one of the requirements of the user is to assess the damage caused by crops and infrastructure.
 in this connection, the government has the 1 step towards promoting the two exchanges of hong kong's two exchanges and clearings.
 in respect of the mano river union, office must assist the executive office for the implementation of the three ministers in september and october.
 there is a criminal offence and to implement killings of murder, explosion, explosions, the lowest penalty and the maximum limits of penalties.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was a shot fired by the bullet.
 when the waiting time for care care homes, the waiting time is generally available to the applicant.
 this is one of the main reasons one of the main causes of aids spread.
 the refusing of a life as an example is controlled by the car.
 thus, it would be possible to ensure peace and harmony in ensuring peace and harmony, together with different nationalities and cultural development.
 on the food price, i do not know what it is china's weather in the food price change.
 this will not only strengthen the ability of local production of local films, which can help hong kong's regional production centre in asia. "
 i would like to understand that all of the people are eligible to be understood.
 for example, the symptoms are mainly smaller than those in good health care.
 it is also appropriate for work to work in cooperation with the relevant bodies of the united nations to inspect the related issues.
 " in the face of a variety of " products, parents choose to choose one most suitable for their personal situation.
 there is certainly a very serious number of serious consequences if the result is once again.
 for those vietnamese persons and laoo, they will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that in 1999, the new system is working well in the new system.
 at the same time, the maintenance of a moratorium on nuclear testing was maintained by the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that the freedom of hong kong residents have travel and immigration.
 they also felt that this might create a precedent which led to all types of vessels which must be issued by all types of vessels must be issued.
 right.
 as the government is aware of the question, the government has also heard legal advice, but the government will never let us know the public.
 as at the end of august 1997, there were 34-owned enterprises from state-owned enterprises in hong kong through a total of $ 400000000 through the market.
 to date, the air and land of monuc have been delivered to more than 30 tons of aid to the goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation to the introduction of globalization and the challenges for the 21 century in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women are reflected in the gap between men and women.
 on the other hand, it was not possible to have been able to trade in connection with egypt.
 madam president, assemblys are not the right of a small group of people, and it is not a small group.
 the delay in the delay will affect the credibility of some talks.
 14. recently, the private sector companies and foundations increased significantly in cooperation with the international community at a global level.
 there are no other comments on the teacher's home teacher.
 i am excited.
 the israelis that have two identity cards have been given to the residents.
 as a result of time, i had not been able to carry out all the services of the service.
 as a matter of political developments in britain recently, it appears that it would not help hong kong's early settlement of this problem.
 the model consists of the models in part of the three persians of the persian gulf models and fix oil.
 9 percentage points of this growth were changes from currency exchange rates.
 typically typical of illicit arms transactions are being carried out in order to control the import and export of weapons.
 switzerland will not tolerate the financial system of switzerland to tolerate the financial system of switzerland, which is not tolerated in the future.
 most of the job vacancies will be available for admission to the diploma or degree degree of applications in the monthly salary of $ 6000 to $ 166000.
 details of the total value completed in the 3 quarter of 1999 was shown in schedule.
 in respect of the functions of the committee, details of the committee are invited to see the " financial and capital market committee act.
 it was to be hoped that these programmes were also broadcast in the countries in the near future.
 the commonwealth of civil society in the commonwealth is a great complement and support from the commonwealth of commonwealth.
 in the view of china's view, the current day of international nuclear disarmament efforts should be horrifying at the junction of 10 <unk>
 this is because the honourable leung miss leung has a lot of time, so i would have to be more good, so i will support it.
 the observer for the indians, africa and the inter-american cultural association, believed that the non-frimine population should be recognized as a minority of argentina.
 " we are planning to conduct an employer to conduct an employer on an annual basis in the next three years.
 we are also not clear from the chinese side, and it is very important that hong kong officials are very well-known to the mainland.
 the 5 plenary meeting of the commissioner of commissioners was held in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law established the criteria for those parties (including the signatory, the relying of relying on the services of the services of the services providers.
 it is therefore anticipated that the incidence of the capacity of the national programme is expected to be low.
 the committee will take a gender perspective to consider specific topics.
 " we also support the mainland's warm support of the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, the saharan desertification was only a telephone telephone in the south africa.
 the media must respect the dignity and integrity of the personnel and the body.
 in several occasions, the israeli authorities closed a number of days to close the border crossing between the gaza strip and egypt.
 as loaded to speed up, the cost of transport has been reduced, and the reduction in transport costs will benefit from all sectors.
 such example, such as mr chiu chi-tzu, was used by a yatch, written booker or injectors.
 3. 2, the 2. 2 is the development of knowledge of knowledge, technology and entrepreneurship.
 when she wanted to do, such as listening to radio, television, i, writers, writers, singing and piano, etc.
 if you talk about taiwan's growth, it is indeed very difficult to talk about the impact of taiwan's growth.
 in order to value the costs, it may be a higher level of value for the value of value.
 in fact, the secretary for housing affairs invited me to talk about the lack of relations with the reconstruction zone.
 the commission was entrusted with an independent expert group to provide independent experts and encouraged the consultants to operate in a transparent manner.
 i did not see it, but it has often heard that report.
 (a) in the interest of written applications by the cyberport in the cyberport to write to write formal applications by the cyberport.
 " in the light of movies, mr hou-hsiu, " says ghgman, " says ghgman, " says ghgman, " says "
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health, mr. director, said that some four years later can be reached after some four years.
 it is very difficult.
 in the department, the proportion of women accounted for more than 50 per cent of the current staff of the current staff, 1<unk>3 of the management positions.
 it was considered that the owner of the buyer had not to pay its obligations to pay for the payment of the purchase.
 the independence of the independent human rights association of the region should be entitled to contact channels with the commission on human rights in the region.
 if 159 member states of the draft sponsors as the draft sponsors of the draft resolution will create a record record: this will be the real olympic olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by august 16, 2002.
 the recent commitment of the sfc and the financial secretary-general had recently promised to report this year on the status of the hong kong financial centre.
 the meeting considered that the competence of elections was the privileges of the elections, rather than the privileges of the security council.
 tourists will also go back to a modern civilization in modern civilizations.
 we have a very big goal to bring hong kong into the development of hong kong into asia.
 at the meeting, the director of social welfare, the director of social welfare, mr lam lam lam, and the fund management committee of the fund management committee to distribute each new year.
 the honourable mrs selina chow's proposal to strengthen the use of " juvenile police " to express their consent.
 in overseas markets find a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 as regards the amendment proposed by mr lee cheuk-yan, i would like to point out that his argument is in fact miserable.
 it is similar to the situation in shanghai jung-long, and export company, and export companies in zhejiang, province of zhejiang, zhejiang province.
 in the domestic shipping industry, hong kong ships are able to make the cost-effective commercial decisions of the owner of the shipments.
 the consolidation of the united states and the people of sierra leone to assist the people of sierra leone and the government of the united states is a priority for the united states.
 as far as he said, history is precisely the history of history.
 the national development framework of the transitional government has demonstrated the role of the state in the economic and social development.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider the terms of reference of the employment bureau to cover all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, and the international support will be invalid.
 however, industrialization partners still had to do many work, to reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica noted that the delegation had been very active in carrying out its responsibilities since the commission.
 the israelis are proud of the ancient traditions of the world as a whole.
 <unk> the director of information services will be made by the director of information services from january 7, 2001.
 the dancers were handed into the gods of fresh flowers, and then turned to the audience.
 the situation in the community of the united nations is most worrying.
 as a result, again the medical hospital, the doctor said that the child had been infected with little child.
 questionnaires had been sent to all programmes and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the introduction of the snacks, the team will also carry out mirrors on the other.
 the aim is to be aimed at pressure on a 3-party pressure, peace-building in order to provide an extension of the ethiopians.
 a no. 3 alarm fire was reported today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill 2004 in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, among the communities of kosovo, should not allow them to be dragged on them, and the potential for the future will be encouraged.
 you must not forget that all these are public funds and is absolutely free to waste.
 on the contrary, the university degree of local universities will not increase times.
 i have recently attended the participation of residents in the districts to the general assembly.
 those written statements shall be made immediately to the prosecutor or the person to communicate with these written statements.
 qinu sheng said that james soong will meet beijing and hu jintao in xian, 1 on may 5.
 the committee also notes that during the consideration of the report and the delegation provided additional information during the consideration of the delegation.
 the major explosion explosion occurred on the 22 of korea's major train explosions on the 22 of north of korea.
 the special rapporteur's activities are also included in the content of the activities of civil society, lawyers, lawyers and journalists, as well as journalists.
 now the use of the approach and expressions of the people of hong kong are not good enough.
 however, international trafficking is also involved in other areas, including the clothing, agriculture and construction.
 i have not heard religions, but i often heard religions.
 therefore, in the course of the establishment of the sar government, i fear that only the chinese government would represent the government of the government.
 we shall carefully assess the implications of the elections to the administration and the legislative council, " he said.
 okay, thank you for his comments on mr. qiu zhenhai.
 in fact, we have been able to implement some of its provisions in the implementation of its provisions, especially for mine-clearing activities.
 he pointed out further that the volume of trade in latin america was 12 percent per year.
 the unemployment of the unemployed, uh, was reduced to 19.3 million, and below the first time to 200000 people.
 in financial year, the us export bank, the us export bank, provided financial assistance to the united states market for 17800000000 us dollars in the world.
 on thursday, wednesday, 5 june and 6 june, will be held on thursday, 6 june and 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the law to take legal action at the disposal of the site in the old boat operators.
 the proposed cost of 36 posts were set up in the support of the office, and additional 18 posts will be paid for the regular budget.
 in taiwan, " the 3 route " is the main reference for chen shui-bian's government's " new middle ".
 right, the sword for a double-edged sword is now tables, um, uh.
 in addition, the transport department has increased daily raids on the spot spots on the spot, which will be to be increased from 8 to 12.
 as regards political and religious freedom, it was not only in the constitution but also in the constitution of other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of the councils attention to the situation of external debt in the central african republic.
 if he wished to be on, the meeting will start at 9:30 am: 305 rooms, which is a room for 2105 rooms of the us congress.
 the record shall be sentenced to 3 years after the end of the final version of the date.
 there has been 2000000000 people.
 a large number of bangkok people in bangkok are the preparation of preparations for the year before the wto.
 we fully support similar statements made by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis taxis can be able to close the car park and loading of nearly ming road yin <unk>
 the transfer of transparency by the united nations conventional transfer of conventional arms is a transparent measure between sovereign states and the legal transfer of sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers continue to streamline the prospects for economic growth in economic growth and the prospects of business.
 it requires social consensus, " the spokesman added.
 such punishment applies only to the citizens of the czech republic, but also those who have no refugee status.
 whenever i went to my children, i was all very serious and very serious.
 african human rights and the rights of the people of human rights have also participated in the international seminar.
 the studies of gender differences and inequality in respect of gender differences and inequality could not be sufficiently sufficient.
 according to the conservative estimates of the organising engineering center and environmental protection bureau, it is conservative that commercial applications of these technologies can reach a total of us dollars.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of the appointment of the labour advisory board (lab) for the appointment of 12 members for two years.
 the 3 category is to pay special attention to the elderly.
 " the financial surplus of the east asian region has always been a surplus of the fiscal surplus, and should be more efficient. "
 the swd has contacted the family members of chen autumn.
 the state burdens up to a maximum of 80 per cent of accommodation costs.
 these developments have further exacerbated the changes in the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in the camps in the camps in west timor.
 the resources has been exhausted almost in almost no place.
 it was also agreed that all foreign forces are being invited to withdraw all foreign forces, whether they are invited to be evacuated.
 with regard to improving the recruitment of police, the recruitment of wages, training and management should also be applied to staff in prisons.
 " the inspection has also found that the bidload will be sufficient to meet traffic, public utility facilities and other handloads. "
 after nearly 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or are reflected in some international conventions.
 there have been a total of living rooms and the second floor, etc.
 it is envisaged that the deployment of all helicopters before the 1 round of balloting is envisaged.
 i wish the wish of hong kong for every spring of sunshine, our breeding new and prosperity and prosperity and prosperity and prosperity.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong has been the main driving force of economic development.
 accordingly, we first stress the first of the nuclear powers to the obligations under the ctbt in 1996 to the conclusion of the ctbt in 1996.
 by contrast, the largest internet service service in the united states has maintained only 20 per cent of every 20 users.
 since the opening of reform, the country's medium and medium-sized enterprises have to achieve a strategic objective and made significant contribution to social stability.
 in my country, as a climate of warming and relatively warm, it will be able to wait for 5, three years old and 60.
 i hope that, in the course of the meeting today, the secretary-general can be able to see this hall in this hall.
 <unk> there is no provision to give up the right of guardians after the appointment of the appointment.
 for example, the agreed range of measures were agreed to the implementation of a uniform document for national citizens in the region.
 the chinese saying goes that it is truly a truly friend to a truly friend.
 mr howard young: mr president, the problem of workers workers, job jobs, employment and the changing industry will have a long time.
 " even if they enter taiwan, even if they enter taiwan, they should not give up the performance " performance ".
 otherwise, the draft articles would lose most of its actual role.
 as a result, the inflation rate of last year has increased dramatically.
 no longer we want to let the present terterinary school graduates in hong kong and taiwan in hong kong are entitled to the use of drugs and antibiotics.
 the greek cypriots current age is 66 years old.
 during the previous weekend, high-level economic experts have also raised the same forecast weekends.
 the project may also allow more public awareness of cultural diversity and maintaining such diversity as well as the interest of such diversity.
 in view of the large number of applications, the government is now studying whether there is a need to increase the quota for the loans.
 the detention assets were conducted in accordance with the code of procedure of the code of procedure and will be implemented by the judge.
 thus, it is the only way to have the death to death to death.
 with regard to the provision of basic medical supplies at the unrwa primary health-care care facilities, the provision of basic medical supplies are provided.
 it is not a matter of re-establishment of the land reform scheme.
 based on this subject, the conference tried to remind people's attention to a person who died or maimed every 20 minutes.
 when they arrived in the neighbouring islands, there were only some craftful crafts could be purchased.
 motorists are advised to conduct traffic instructions and compliance with the police officers at the scene.
 the conclusions were surprising, since the former legal adviser had previously been reproduced by the lack of payment of payment to defence counsel.
 with the assistance of the ilo, the government of benin is considering expanding the possibility of broadening the existing social security regimes or the scope of individuals.
 amputives of amputilation of their activities, their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and several developing countries were declining at the same time.
 the implementation of this scheme is expected to be expected for a journey for lifelong learning.
 he was said to be hiding, and after his father filed a written complaint, the officials of the ministry of the interior were reportedly visited by his father.
 other officers from the narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 the only place for low-skilled employment opportunities is the only local service sector.
 the project indicates that currently a small-scale funding approach is not poorized by the previous policies of credit subsidies by credit subsidies.
 just now, mrs miam lau has claimed to be the " charter for youth ".
 the three men of conspiracy to attempt to obtain the money made by the woman.
 they should open up the market, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies, such as monetary, finance, trade and other macroeconomic policies.
 from the international moral and international law on international law, it is not possible to support iraq's war to war.
 the real development concept should contain full respect for all universal universal recognition of human rights as a whole.
 state practice shows that the length of the duration of the person concerned had a long period of option.
 the islamic state of the islamic state islamic islamic state to look forward to its consideration of the previous agenda of the previous previous agenda, which would also be re-examined.
 a large number of countries have been reduced to the population of poverty in poverty, although the asian economic crisis has led to a setback.
 as a result, the country's poor countries had no access to funds.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries in the security and economic spheres.
 the security council is deeply concerned at the deterioration in the situation in and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to that end, it should be committed to achieving a goal of achieving a number of generations and a common goal.
 faig has found that the development of manufacturing, manufacturing and sale, as well as well as well as well-known consumer consumer products.
 as a result of the veininary, veinterists also confirmed that all chickens did not confirm the symptoms of avian flu infection. "
 the secretariat has analysed a number of data data on a number of missions, and it verified the self-general's self-government rates.
 if there is to be a thorough solution to the flood problem of northwest new territories, the shenzhen river project must be implemented.
 it is often caused by no legal and moral norms in drug abuse, and organized organized crime and corruption.
 chen's first piece of works, and the chen's visit is a series of work for him.
 one-way navigation from the two places can be shortened to 40 minutes.
 the report has been described as a report to the deterioration of the economic situation of the palestinian territories.
 <unk> not to take substantial cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 were shot and 38 persons were burned alive.
 the working group is working with international human rights services, with minority rights groups, held in 1997 to address these issues in 1997.
 28 copies of the immigration department survey section were raided in sham shui po and raided 7 targets in sham shui po.
 it is therefore desirable for the contracting authority to consider the need to take into account change measures.
 the economic growth of developed and developing countries as well as countries with economies in transition are very important for trade and foreign exchange earnings, particularly in developing countries.
 according to the same sources, more than 800 were allegedly killed by the communist party of the communist party of the nepalese communist party.
 in accordance with the law, paragraph 22 of the law, " a person responsible for terrorist activities is a legal responsibility for the basis of existing legislation.
 mr president, jordan will be able to solve the problem after closing next year after the next year.
 over the 1990s, more than 200 million children had been killed in armed conflict with a permanent disability or injury of permanent disability or injury.
 a great deal of helping the development of ecology tourism has also been helped. "
 basically, this is a leading commitment to the government in the north-west sector.
 if the residential have not been able to improve or fail to do so, warnings will be issued to warning the department's satisfaction.
 the proliferation of the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also concerned about the proliferation of our region.
 moreover, we once again have been one of the economies of the world's largest and most competitive economies in the world.
 the construction of the highways department today (july 20) after construction contracts with the kinmen company limited to $ 680000000000 was signed in the month.
 i have to check the hong kong law, which is referred to in the basic law.
 thirdly, there is pragmatic cooperation in the field of non-traditional security.
 most of the unemployment and employment of unemployment and underemployed in the major sectors of this year may be stable in august this year.
 i am sure that this is not easy, but if a quota system is a quota system, the market can be absorbed with a disability.
 furthermore, australia is actively participating in the negotiations on the negotiation of the international convention for the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the factories and industrial operation (paths) regulation, will be effective to implement the protection programme effectively.
 this letter will only improve the confidence in the relations between the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 we firmly believe, however, that the report of the secretary-general contains the right framework for the united nations in the future in east timor.
 in some regions of the world, the number of poverty and the number of poor people are rising in the world.
 we look forward to continuing cooperation with the industry in this area. "
 the state party submits that the same reason should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of the cause of the darfur conflict was a dispute between the madsser and with crops for land in farming.
 the revised amendments have been reserved for the future of the fire services bureau and community facilities for the future.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but can only escape from liberia.
 the introduction of the details of the details should also be made available to those who enhance the language proficiation of the language language.
 to chen sits on board the waves of bones and folding, chen's winds and folded over the moment.
 in fact, in the case of jurisdiction, the bill of the garriririson law is almost more similar to the current military practice.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of setting up the resource centres of the judiciary is not an incentive to defend themselves.
 the chairman of the joint meeting, mr. chairman of the joint conference, said that it would be useful and recommended to take follow-up actions.
 we will also prepare for the review of the reviews of the district board after the 2003 election elections.
 1 avenue of the secretariat entrance access to the secretariat entrance will be restricted only to the vehicle of a special labelling of special labelling.
 as a result of the village, the villagers have to be diverted into the village and 20 20 families have to be diverted with three years now.
 the institute of land in el salvador is established as a result of the implementation of the land transfer programme, which is a result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided by the information provided, the advisory committee does not oppose these posts.
 anyone who are on the relatives of the girl girl is urged to call the call to mong kok police station at 2398 6299.
 in 1997, the institute has been designated a formal document for the implementation of improving quality and productivity programme.
 this morning we are not too much time, and i would like to focus on the two three issues.
 to this end, emphasis is increasing on education to education and means a means and means of promoting social development in developing countries.
 the ruf is not the army, and it has also affirmed the command of political factions from the army.
 a series of asset controls is aimed at a series of account of accounting responsibility for the assets of the united nations.
 but it is not possible.
 for the reason to protect the environment, these material and material responses must be unutilized, without non-conficient, non-ceptions and non-existence.
 the offence of treason is in the common law system in the 14 century.
 worse, it was worse, that the brains of the destruction of nuclear weapons had already been rooted in the brains in many people.
 the village of the village were scared away away.
 the armed conflict in darfur region began in february last year.
 the rights of serious discrimination is part of the international protection of human rights, and in particular respect for the respect of a system of pluralism.
 the procedure of the commission is confidential, in accordance with the relevant rules, any document or address shall be leaked.
 however, as the economy recovers gradually, we believe that the future will be in the future.
 the so-called choice is whether the option is not chosen to purchase.
 will continue to be made, but for long-term, a challenge will be a challenge.
 they are inclined to cut down their responsibilities.
 at that time, governor patten is busy with the conservative party elections.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed for friday, november 16, 2001.
 however, it may be disappointed that so far, only one accused had been sent to the tribunal for trial.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be accompanied by the role of the court in order to ensure independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, and in particular, the lives of children, and especially children, sadly beyond the national and religious boundaries.
 the value of the seized code includes $ 50000.
 in recent years, the world economy had a rapid change in the world economy.
 the guidelines have been set up in the buildings department and distributed to all management companies and owners ' corporations.
 they believed to be called the technology-based technology, which was considered by multi-techn techniques.
 while member states requested to strengthen the representative of the field, its progress is being hampered by resource shortages.
 at about 3 p.m. local time, a car bombed the car bombed by a car bomb in the city of mahayah, the city of the city.
 security guards of senior security guards at the session, as well as the individual, will be given to the united nations security and security service.
 the latest map and the new maps have been available from the latest maps and from the new maps from the image of new images.
 the plan provides for 15000000 citizens of citizens, including students, men and women, and no gender discrimination.
 the united nations peacekeeping force, however, carried out mine clearance activities in the mandate of the united nations peacekeeping force and the united nations.
 the royal government of cambodia is providing legal protection to hiv <unk> aids in cambodia, and protect the human rights of these people.
 therefore, once again, once again, the housing department has been able to examine the housing department's examination of some time.
 drop-out rates for girls secondary schools are still higher than males, in secondary schools and universities, and for boys and universities.
 the <unk>x <unk> amp<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 there was no difficulty in setting up and access to such private schools.
 but i would like to imagine that because of the experience of his experience, her decision has changed her.
 it will be accumulated in the department's warning to the transport department.
 in the united states, it is the united states in the united states.
 chairman, the chairman of the environment in the world bank<unk> senior advisors of the world bank.
 if they are interested in investment, they are interested in investment in their investments.
 it should also take into account the changes in international systems in the past decade, especially globalization and new technologies.
 if you could not say, we can see it.
 it has been proposed to abolish the new sugar quota for cuba in the united states market.
 however, in the longer run, the government will intend to make suitable candidates for the suitable candidates.
 the next day in addition to 3 children have been released, but the following day is to be reported to the gendarmerie.
 mr po is a modernization of the modernization of the hksar's trademark legislation.
 the more the voters will vote, of course our 1 legislative council is representative.
 a remote location for a 400 kilometres of a 400 kilometres of a 400-minute ball was 2000 km 2000.
 if he is not enough, it would be possible to rest with a rest of the rest.
 it is obvious that this practice is administrative.
 on december 1963, the armed attack was a campaign against the ethnic cypriots of turkish cypriots.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that the model should also be included.
 we are investigating the canadian authorities to understand details of the case in the court hearing, " the spokesman said.
 the chinese delegation expresses its appreciation for the work of his contribution to the work of the topic.
 there is no one to turn to him.
 with regard to the unstable elimination of the marriage situation, she asked whether there had been no studies for identifying the splitness of the family.
 the fact is the environment that the planet is more than a year ago.
 the government announced today (april 20) the members of the commission and the appointment of special advisers to the members of the commission and the special adviser.
 he will carry out major changes in the securities and futures markets and will strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 accordingly, it has led to the adequacy of non-governmental organizations and other important groups to participate in all levels of activities at all levels.
 the delegation said that most of the majority were caused by external forces from the control group and individual actions.
 " this is the success of the success and constant effort and efforts of our current colleagues. "
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living standards and improvement services, parents have paid a certain cost of household income.
 however, further efforts were needed to make further efforts to facilitate the results of publicizing the outcome of the national authorities.
 those who cannot be allowed to implement the implementation of those offences, sub-contracting or other means of support those offences are safe.
 on july 26, a security guard in sha tin this year was seen by a security guard in sha tin.
 the council believes that he must be responsible for their own action.
 with the traditional business environment, the market can only take care of what he can best contact with the customers.
 article 54 of the constitution provides that expatriates in the territory shall be protected by law and the same protection in the republic of haiti.
 the member states of the european union had a three-year period of time to enable it to the law on 6 june 2000.
 the pfpppp has a relativelyger, immediately taking a press a press conference and was able to host the kmt's back.
 it reaffirms the importance of the limitation of the treaty on anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the region's developed countries are still dominated by the japanese economy.
 there is no use of people who are not used for themselves by others.
 with the hardness of the grath, the farmer has to be set up at the woods.
 but in the near future, the fishing industry has seen a six-year basis.
 while the international community has condemned numerous resolutions, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic society is being eliminated.
 the regulation will be conducted in accordance with the regulatory manner and standards of regulation by the sfc to the sfc.
 the returns for the first time was brought back to the stars.
 we want to see that the true universality of the university of peace is truly a truly global mission.
 the population estimate is an important parameters of prediction and projections, with regard to the planning and commercial sectors of private and commercial institutions.
 more than a few years ago, a friend was invited to attend chinese chinese new year evenings.
 the united states government recognized the diplomatic immunity of the cuban diplomatic bank in cuba.
 secondly, it is ruled that the fee is to be paid for a mandatory instrument of coercion.
 among the competitions, students have to cope with difficulty such as power power, such as powerages, loading, equipment, equipment and passwords.
 we are now considering the views of the trade and the industry.
 the staff of the board also visited undcp in thailand and in the field of thailand.
 the bill does not mention any particular reference to the use of a company's concealment of a company or a company.
 but it is strange to say that the chinese people may avoid the names of the names, but this is the great side.
 the department of health (dh) had been sent to family members to provide health education and disinfection at its home.
 i now turn to the question of post-conflict peace-building, in view of the current situation in our country.
 the non-governmental organization also stated that the high commissioner should take the initiative to ask the recommendations of the special rapporteur.
 in the taking of action on the necessary action, we refuse to put our attention to a single side.
 we are very closely addressing the process of addressing the core of the middle east question of palestine.
 if members of the council agreed that i would do so.
 these include a threat to weakening the concept of sovereignty, which has been the result of technological advances.
 the maintenance of the world's security and peace are unable to work out of the development of the international community.
 a number of parts of the state of state was extended again on 15 december.
 several days after the taliban occupation of mazar-i-sharif, the authorities began to translate into other detention sites to other detentions.
 the unique nature of the missile character makes a unique nature of the threat, deterrence, coercion, coercion, self-defence and revenge.
 it has been the government's policy to comply with the implementation of the software products as support platforms for application systems.
 in addition, 156 private care centres have been maintained at 106 per cent of the private care centres.
 after that incident, both sides had taken military action, but there is no significant change in the front-line situation.
 in addition, the general assembly designs a new game with interesting games.
 but the relevant departments will take immediate action to some of them and take immediate action.
 the expert expert could send a new image of images with those of those commissions, and recently made recently made in the commission of the commission.
 the estimate of a 10 per cent vacancy factor consists of the estimate of the local staff.
 from the use of coal to the natural gas, it will reduce the value of sulphur, nitro, nitro and carbon dioxide.
 the works will start early next year and is expected to be completed by early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, the large-scale institutional units refers to a total of 100 or more employed in other sectors.
 in section 2 of the criminal code, section 2 of the criminal code, penalties for the preparatory process is lower than applicable to the maximum maximum maximum limits applicable.
 the recently adopted by the general assembly of the general assembly has recently adopted its resolution from the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, it was the death of the death of kingsan king of the world <unk>
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwandan operation of rwanda and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, the three are implemented by non-governmental organizations and the remaining 19 are sponsored by swd.
 finally, i would like to refer to two spanish issues of particular concern.
 the autopse of the mirror of the mirrors would be allowed to take place.
 secondly, small and medium-sized enterprises (the " smes ") is inadequate in its capacity to use it.
 8 days later, the united states and the u.s.
 more than 2200s will be displayed at the hong kong park room room for the hong kong park at the hong kong park.
 the survey will provide a reliable degree of reliable, up-to-date information about the living standards of living as a whole, particularly reliable.
 one of the ones to play the attention of the family's attention is the new games of new york.
 the current abolition of the death penalty in 1993 in 1993 is the current trend of respect for human rights.
 it is also known to have been very effective in vomi vomi vo vo vo voting, and other disorders.
 15 catholics and fathers of catholicism, and his number of staff members were said to have been executed in dili.
 he noted, in particular, that the legislative legislation was amended in 1999 to give more investigations to the rights and competition management.
 the ministry of foreign affairs, the secretary for foreign affairs and south korea, was held in beijing.
 he will be a keynote meeting on a luncheon jointly organised by the hong kong trade development council and the french association.
 if we take into account the interests of mutual interests, the international community can be able to cooperate with the international community.
 at 19 january 2001, the ministry of finance filed a response to the replies.
 " the first objective of the government is to stabilize the property market, and the property prices will not fall up. "
 mr lau ping-cheung has just said to say that if the application is to apply for applying for application.
 the sponsors delegation said that the proposal was found in articles 14 to the 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, the stockpile of the storage countries must begin to gather data on its storage and production of history records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in the table is that undp has been carried out from various relevant bodies.
 i have remembered that some people have a lot of wording " and so on.
 i believe many people would not support this view, but it will principle in principle the levying tax tax on the road departure tax.
 according to the contract, the relevant traffic <unk> transport matters must be agreed upon in accordance with the regional forests.
 the angolan armed forces also captured the sawassa and southern part of the southern part of the southern part of the state in the south-east of the country.
 if we decided to extend the scheme, we intend to continue to provide assistance from the industry to assist in the industry as a shortage of labour shortage.
 they have adopted a train of floating trains and speed speed quickly, the cost of $ 400000000.
 the court was received by the government of the people's republic of china, in 2001.
 such work will continue to be made by the division and will need to consider and ratify the specific situation.
 a special arrangement will be taken on hong kong island to take special arrangements on hong kong island to be held on hong kong island.
 the private universities also give relief to tuition fees from the student's economic situation.
 improving our relationship between our relationship and egypt, as well as multilateral negotiations, the goal of further achieving our common goal is indispensable.
 his strength was extremely strong, and he was very high, and he was unable to seize it.
 a number of questions made by the police will be accompanied by some of the police.
 although it was reported that those gantic was not bad for medicine, he was able to acquire the quality of medicines and adopted a german company to sell through a german company.
 it welcomed the fact that ukraine has ratified the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons as the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons.
 israel has also continued to make opening up the tunnels al-qa al-qa al-qa al-qasa mosque.
 as a matter of fact, after the chinese spring festival holidays, the travel industry parliament has not received complaints about shopping visitors.
 " i believe you will become an important asset of the two places. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has made an depreciation adjustment to reflect the operation of the service.
 if, i agree with everyone in the spirit that we should not be relaxed if you have a demonstration.
 the private cars immediately fled the scene along the road along the shak tai bridge road.
 although the evidence is made, they are still being defended today.
 governments have taken a variety of approaches to control the monopoly nature of these monopolies.
 it must be unfair, however, that their respective roles of their respective different roles are not fair and unfair. "
 i believe that not only the impact today will affect the future.
 environmental problems have been reproduced with winds, or not even as " as the word " as usual.
 " our immunization system, as a result of the armies, can resist external incursions.
 the fact that citizens and voters have to be very high.
 this resulted in the fall of groundwater in the gaza strip and led to salt water from the sea to east.
 in my view, we here here this weekly demonstrates great importance to the determination of this international terror.
 i also appreciate the gratitude and appreciation of the secretary-general for his appreciation and appreciation for the secretary-general.
 we need to fulfil the international responsibility for this international responsibility. "
 for its part, argentina, after several decades of political instability, have made sacrificed democracy to rebuild democracy.
 after the gates of the west gates, the mark of her many legends are branded.
 the fact that we are familiar with the fact that we are well-known.
 indeed, it is an important part of the united nations in the oceans work.
 in the history of history, there are no other children after the death of all other children.
 the " peaceful flames are the entire continent of our entire continent, and brings bright bright, " he said.
 as the newly established advisory committee, i shall be based on a good basis when the ad hoc committee has laid a good basis for the ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to be in the same way as a means of impunity, and the aspirations of the international community.
 in recent years, the low seizure of cocaine seizures in croatia has been low, and 913 kg of cocaine were reported in 2000.
 accordingly, pakistan supports the proposal of mexico's proposal that the relevant bodies would be carefully considered by the relevant authorities to consider the budgetary budget.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (csd) has issued a detailed arrangement for the establishment and operational arrangements of the industry.
 then, when he was taken into a police vehicle, he was taken away from a police vehicle, and he was pushed from the vehicle.
 with regard to the environment, the international efforts of protecting nature should be more effective and more substantive.
 the secretary-general has made the direction of the united nations.
 it is also necessary to define the user of the press and assess the results of the work.
 mr chan kam-lam said that he is more shorter than my shorter, but i shall now be more than short.
 lithuania also attached great importance to the role of the other international forum on terrorism.
 the court of the united states, the appeal of the united states, was overthrown by the appeal of the united states to overthrow the final judgement of the court.
 on this point, the 30000 displaced persons of the equation road in the equation area of kagaga and the northern part of kagaga province was unable to receive no assistance in these years.
 owing to the war and air raids in kabul at the end of july, the international community had had to leave the city.
 but in response to the present economic environment, we also urge the government to consider reducing the feasibility of reducing the staff training costs. "
 at the best i do, i can only stop the local saying that the government is merely true.
 the current operating budgetary budget is to be received by unhcr, less than $ 40 per year.
 an amount of a 10 per cent set of accounts for the value of a 10-year-old value shall be received in accordance with the value of a 10 per cent margin.
 the premier and mrs.
 the ministerial conference of world trade will be held in seattle, which is a suitable forum for a suitable forum.
 according to the 1 question, the 1 question was recommended to students, university graduates and professional groups of primary and professional groups.
 it is also not to think that if so-called unanimously rejected the so-called unanimous and more enrichedness of the so-called consensus.
 the satellite images are on the image of regular receives and treatment (30 30 minutes) and 7 (30 30 minutes).
 any person affected by the amendments may submit objections to the secretary of the town planning board before 24 or before this year.
 as for the specific elements of these two articles, the hkpa will basically basically favour.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of imports increased by 2<unk>3 and colombia to 2<unk>3 growth in colombia and the growth in colombia.
 the recent example of the most recent example is a dispute built in the sha tin ho involving country parks.
 the content of the types of projects envisaged are contained in article 11 of the procurement model law.
 a keynote discussion will be held on the workshop on the part of the hong kong institute of surveyors.
 the arrested 12 young persons arrested in the operation on june 15, had also been released on bail earlier than the earlier operation.
 this issue has been informed by israel's ministry of foreign affairs, but no progress has been made at the moment.
 the regional security system has expanded its capacity to collect information on the anti-terrorism activities of the east caribbean region.
 she would also like to know how the choice of non-governmental organizations, which provides information and how to use them.
 to safeguard the consumer interests, i am the representative of the democratic party to propose this motion debate on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supported the director-general's policy of policy, but the country should provide financial contributions or in-kind donor contributions.
 the last 15 has been oil with different countries.
 in accordance with international treaties, legal assistance is given to legal assistance in accordance with the provisions of the treaty.
 these realities must be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000 people, or at least, are able to return to their homes.
 the list of states to be punished by no shorter is not short, and the victim continues to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to hon tam cheuk-yan.
 as to the underemployment rate, the decrease was also seen in the construction industry, the construction industry, the transport and transport sectors.
 as a result of budget constraints, some restrictions were imposed on the costs and expenditure of the lawyer.
 it is a need for the need to have a period of time-frame, and it is not possible for detention to become a punishment.
 and at the weekends, the next year, the next year will be filled with parents, and the transportation of taking up traffic is also blocked.
 another thing that banks do not want to make another thing is the government's directive banks to deal with its business.
 programme enquiries can be made: 2461111<unk> please call 2734 99.
 so, the taiwan strait can do so as a unit in the taiwan strait.
 the procedure for article 190 to 201 of the georgian penal code (fef) procedure for details of the assets ( bank accounts).
 " in addition to the investigation, we also believe that there is a need to train and traffic aspects.
 since 50 years, albania has been one of the worst dictatorships in the continent most saddened by the continent.
 we do not agree to adopt any pressure on a solution to the nuclear-weapon nuclear issue.
 then, you would ask what i would like to say that i would like to say that i would like to say that it is not allowed to join you.
 he was detained by indian forces for a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island.
 finland will actively participate in the efforts of the conference, adopting a global and effective treaty to halt the further proliferation of anti-personnel landmines.
 furthermore, article 13 to 18 should be considered in accordance with the international institutional consideration of the international system of specific activities.
 of the soviet union in italy, embassy of the soviet union in italy.
 commercial activities of the law of conflict areas should be developed with a legal code of ethical binding.
 the prerequisites should be taken, and should be given to a fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 in the light of the sale, the spokesman added that the flats will not be sold for sale in the hos scheme.
 during the same period, there were 5300 births and 3 000 deaths in hong kong.
 however, i raised it, however, that the question dealt with the history of history and the people of the balkans.
 when hong kong's future talks, the chinese side said: " britain's future talks ", " the chinese side said.
 more than any other groups, they need to take care and care of family, social and the government.
 according to reports, these foods have been exported by pollution. these foods have been exported by pollution in other parts of the pollution area.
 with regard to the choice of the family name of children, the retention of luxembourgourg was made to ratify this convention.
 they also agreed and agree with the need to prevent arms into the country in the country.
 in terms of short-term perspectives, the government should seriously discuss their views with the industry.
 i would like to have a small boy who wanted to have a small boy, i also talked to all the victims over the last decade.
 ni kuang talk about taiwan's talk about taiwan's edition of copyright taiwan's edition is all copyright. "
 the overall plan is to focus on the self-esteem for girls and women.
 the he reiterated that he reiterated that the management authorities and palau are committed to the environment and culture of palau.
 in july 17, 1928, the communist party's secretary-general of the ccp revolution had moved to the revolutionary revolution in pingangjiang.
 in promoting the chickens, there are members of the farms in the soil.
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding that these arrangements have been not received.
 against this background, the committee has endeavoured to understand the full hidden acts of iraq.
 the special rapporteur undertook a visit to rwanda.
 those who have lost their fighting.
 the main reasons for the uninterrupted balance was mainly terminated by termination of the forces.
 moreover, as a member of the state of contributions, we will continue to make direct contributions to the palestinians.
 activities in the field of remote sensing in the field of remote sensing, and practical applications should be strengthened.
 under the basic law, the hong kong special administrative region is enjoying elections and the right to vote.
 the 40-40 enterprises of the service industry has received 79 jobs during the reporting period during the reporting period.
 in early june, members of the council participated in a further response to the nuclear tests conducted by india and pakistan in may.
 i take this opportunity to thank the friendly state, international organizations and the united nations itself to provide assistance to our country.
 we have to advise our friends as well as to understand what is inadequate and honestly, we have to seek assistance.
 a few months later, this storm was also a very painful adjustment period after the number of months and hong kong.
 ah, in the light of the landscape, yesterday was also closed yesterday.
 when the protest took place, part of the people of the crowded off the blockade, and the crowded the blockade.
 the programme of work for trade points was only developed in recent years.
 i think that the most important thing is the most important for the civil service to discuss the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes in the pensions system, which was the impact of the impact on women's impact on men.
 (c) the office commander: as a result of the information dissemination of the office, the reduction of two local level posts were reduced.
 in fact, the decision has been decided to reduce the expected growth of the world economy and the international trade.
 the ministry of community development department and family development division has already launched an advocacy campaign, the national day, exhibitions, exhibitions and similar activities.
 " the exhibition of this exhibition is extremely successful in the context of strategic relations and strategic partnerships, " said chief executive chief executive of the world.
 the international community should take a comprehensive view of human rights in a fair and equal manner.
 despite a number of obvious difficulties, the positive developments in these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is strategic strategies for conflict prevention.
 <unk> similar <unk> the provisions of the joint declaration is also found in article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked and kicked me.
 during the month to november, the us dollar increased significantly increased by 17 per cent in december and 0.6 per cent in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of this incident.
 women, however, is obviously dependent on the social and social resources and its legal rights of the society.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the committees clearly reflected the urgent issue of the common concern of all mankind.
 it must be an end to despair and suffering.
 " we will be committed to the preservation of all hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in the light of the position, the chinese side puts a reasonable solution in the position of china.
 over the 20000000000 us dollars, only 12000000000 us dollars are used for the purchase of humanitarian items.
 the rent indices in the consumer price index reflects the changes in rented by households in hong kong.
 this approach was taken on the jurisdiction of the jurisdiction of the authority to the original guarantee of the original guarantee.
 in his view, the preparation of the work of the beijing olympic games is well and before china will certainly host the 2008 olympic games.
 as a result of its multi-year programme in february this year, the commission had considered the key issues of the production of sexual employment.
 the grave situation in economic measurement can be achieved and we will make an important assessment.
 the protection of maternity protection regulations in 2000 are also prohibited from pregnancy to 21 weeks in the workplace.
 the actual facility in paragua's actual installations have improved and the river transit transit transit transit transit transit corridor will become 2 important transport routes.
 welcome to see.
 the financial secretary also agreed that, in this regard, it is clear that we hope that we will be able to develop as soon as possible.
 for the public, the importance of the general assembly of the general assembly will also be more than a culture of art.
 in most countries, the population of the elderly population is far faster.
 a 45-year-old man was killed in a fire in the fire when a 45-year-old man today (friday) morning.
 in addition, the national archives of the national archives also took place on 12 may 1994.
 ladies and gentlemen, i am honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of the chinese space science and technology success ".
 their disciplines have been strict and acted as their own discipline and to win the united nations.
 as a result of the public opinion of public opinion, it was the " public opinion " from the masses.
 " two letters are not unduly worried by the public, " he stressed.
 anyone who are members of the public who know the whereabouts of the missing person is urged to contact investigating officers on 2773 2331 or 2727 2331.
 in this context, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat had reviewed the timetable for a system-wide meeting.
 the seven-year-old man, spirits and spirits, are all of all 100 patients every day.
 the incident took place in the front line of the ancientkativ.
 in fact, the total number of unemployed persons is too few times.
 some of the countries of industrial countries have allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries to start a moratorium on the debt point from a decision to begin.
 in the end of the century and the millennium, we have seen mankind with great achievements, and it has seen some disastrous tragedy.
 mr deputy president, in explanation of my amendment to my amendment, i would like to say a few debates about this is a subject.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 people will be 3 phases of the gen revolution revolution known as the biotechnology revolution.
 i believe that the government of china has promised to agree to the precise extent of the basic law for comparison of the basic law.
 these rights violations may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is appropriate to address many of these challenges.
 this requirement provides for the growing needs of the iraqi people to food and medicines to food and medicines.
 note: after the enactment of the chinese temples and the temples of chinese temples, the chinese temples and temples had been promulgated shortly after 1992.
 it is known that volunteering should be given to different distinctions between voluntary and compulsory recruitment.
 he wrote the first page on the occasion, and this letter was written in writing on the day.
 meanwhile, the high rate of inflation continues to be high, and it is expected that the inflation rate for the year will close to 10 per cent for this year.
 mr ip also mentioned that he considered a lot of voters in the legal profession.
 i also agree that the amendments to reduce the recommendations of the amendment to reduce the recommendations of the amendment.
 i do not need to repeat them here, and we are very clear here.
 a number of recommendations will be made to the 1 session of the review and recommendations of the 1 session of the review.
 as a complex project, it will have profound impact on the functioning of personnel, budgets and finances of the united nations.
 if we are undern't enough, they can't buy a joint venture to buy the number of people's awards.
 to meet the measures, the fire services department, the lands department, lands department, lands department and the department will carry out the work of the above-mentioned verification work.

 in addition, military observers and civilian police are unable to direct ensure security.
 the objective of the text is to make a number of political choices and rights to the states concerned after the introduction of the international act.
 responding to the report, police officers conducted a investigation into the three rooms of the hotels and raided three rooms in march 27.
 their professional training must be given to the continuing professional training and the registration <unk> authorized parties to consider renewal.
 ed, the education department will invite an invitation to take part in the second year's letters to participate in the selection process in march on march.
 however, the implementation of these technologies is enormous.
 i have said that i am not heited he was good.
 the reality of the operative paragraph 3 of operative paragraph 3 is even more obvious.
 the minimum age of military service will enable every community to benefit from the benefit of the community.
 a view was expressed that the draft guide should be made in the draft guide to the remuneration of the insolvency representative.
 i do not repeat earlier the arguments earlier, i hope honourable members hope for those who are loyal to the old hearts of the year.
 during the absence of a spokesperson for other speakers, the president should announce that the debate should be declared to end.
 he said, " you are often contacted with people's darkness, or even more darkness. "
 i think that the level of ceiling should be left again and there should be no longer in the future.
 at the same time, the sister sisters are suffering from stars and are guarding on a day one night.
 " we should continue to improve the level of service, and this is a social expectations for our expectations. "
 it can lay a big step forward for the future.
 the members of the community have now strongly supported the adoption of a bill of rights and establishing these freedom.
 in my view, the government is like " itself ".
 however, when the delegation went to new york, it was able to prevent them from a aviation security and prevented them from entering the united states.
 " in the past, the pace of south-east asia-east asia will have a significant slower. "
 the united kingdom believes that the court should be in line with some guidelines.
 in order to reduce the outflow of capital out in the short term, i think the government should also actively implement the relevant policy.
 the convention on the law of treaties dealt with regard to multilateral covenants and agreements, of which also include reservations of the rights of human rights.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is developing a genuine democratic country in a market-oriented market economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers allegedly attacked a 7, including five children, including five children.
 " we will submit an appeal to the appeal, " he said.
 (b) the land for land management is the responsibility of a land title.
 this is even more vulnerable to the poor.
 it is also considered that hong kong's cultural life is a city for the ideal city for a long time. "
 in a number of countries, cross-border cross-border territories can be classified as customs regulations, such as smuggling or smuggling of foreign exchange controls.
 in the coming two weeks, more than 95% of the salaries tax and personal income tax tax can be received in the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the fact that we have overcome and consider that japan must be done.
 preparations for the tenth anniversary of women and women under the ministry of sudan, welfare and social development were responsible for the preparation of the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as the chairman of the administrative committee on administrative secretary-general and the commission of organizing capacity to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is the organization of the permanent mission of italy and the department of italy, which will end on friday, 5 november.
 the prevalence of life expectancy at birth is births (33 and map5).
 secondly, checks and balances between the administration and the legislature is.
 even if there are no few shells in the shell shells, there are almost no ones in public transport and almost work in the streets.
 this year, this year may be a different.
 next, let us take a look after the bush's policy of iraq's iraq policy.
 members of the members may also find out the investigation of the complaints against the police office.
 i look back to me, " i am very good.
 in spite of good financial performance, structural adjustment programmes had not been able to achieve its objectives in gdp growth.
 right, it was a little distinction.
 if we hope that the united nations has a vital role in the united nations, we must make the united nations to take an instrument in advance of developments.
 the financial secretary referred to the " lion rock " under his budget ".
 the housing authority will carry out the fall under public housing estates to carry out repair works and to assume the relevant expenditure on the ground.
 mr deputy, i believe that this was the last meeting of the legislative council for my last meeting.
 " the decline in the number of industrial accidents and accident rates have been a downward trend.
 the croatian police officers also conduct patrols and patrol patrols in the areas of which they are able to enter and exit.
 in view of the three " fundamental problems ", mr cheung said that this would be misunderstanding with regard to the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more support for more than ever before.
 before formal implementation of the registration scheme, the authorities will consider carefully carefully all the views of the registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr martin lee, you are invited to ask the question, and it is appropriate for the question of the question.
 as a matter of fact, the government has already laid down the wind " in the past few days that it would reduce the civil service pay.
 in the evening, he will start to the journey of a journey on the last 10 north american visit.
 the exports of the united states has increased from 22 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 it is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session, in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties to the meeting.
 she brought her with her high shoes.
 152, despite the analysis data and a large number of data, the content of the present analysis of the present analysis are relatively small.
 the report pointed out, however, that there are food and special valleys in the valley, but the purchasing power of the population is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agreed to this view and recommends that the current current figure of 23.7 per cent would be retained.
 the gains achieved by the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be a reason for a step-off.
 the ad hoc group has been recognized by the ad hoc group and the interests of " national security " concerns the interests of sovereignty.
 however, the surplus in hong kong has continued to grow, and a surplus of a surplus in many countries.
 this was the same.
 under the under-secretary-general, the under-secretary-general has expressed its view to the timing of time for the commission for the commission.
 <unk> 3. for years, a large number of documents prove that a large number of documents have paid the lives of the lives of the lives.
 the treaty prohibits nuclear explosions, but it does not prohibit the nuclear tests that nuclear tests have improved, and the production of new weapons systems.
 they replied that they were unable to receive him because of the urgent need.
 there can be a much greater extent than its part in its part.
 (b) the <unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 people who will distort the green paper, indeed, a green paper.
 1993, the appointment of china's appointments, was also appointed to become members of the chartered institute of arbitrators in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority would be given to the long-term strengthening of the capacities and promotion of the capacities and human rights of the state and human rights.
 the average hours of this age group is about 5 hours per week.
 phases of this stage would lead to a single unification rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must be carefully used as a law of international law as the most powerful.
 currently, science technology technology has evolved around the scale of economic cooperation, and the world is speeding up more poliization.
 among the chinese paintings and the middle of the museum's paintings and exchanges in the museum, it also took up.
 in the sense of sense and sense of emotion, he is still not commensurate with his sense of emotions.
 i have mentioned in response to the response of the sex exploitation crisis in west africa.
 however, the most fundamental and the fundamental commitment to peace and national reconciliation.
 china exporters and investors have increased sharply in the european union.
 there are few indications of sexual drugs presence in fiji.
 a seminar will inevitably be tired, but there was no waste of money.
 with the most powerful in brazil, sheddd's beds turtle, and the most strongest from the island of the island.
 these women are also subject to discrimination on different equal remuneration, or in the labour of the labour.
 (a) the economy of its economy exceeds 50 per cent of the country<unk> (b) of more than 50 per cent) of the developed countries.
 today, in the history of history there have been a woman head of state with head of state.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations had tried to influence a government.
 this phenomenon is the product of a new single system of a state of a nation of a nation.
 in recent times, there have been some original groups that have not been passed away, and opposes the direct elections in 1988.
 however, with the restoration of people's political life, as long as the possibility of large numbers of refugee returns, east timor will be required to continue.
 in the capital baghdad, a police bureau was attacked at least five people dead and 19 injured.
 for several months, police charged with violations of violations of human rights and other inappropriate acts or criminal acts were also reduced.
 his election has highlighted his various advantages, his personal quality and rich experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is a people-oriented industry, the whole trade cannot survive.
 at the time of a 10-yearmetre, it is required to be a 10-year-old line of 173 double lined, and 133 double-lines.
 in order to remove the words ".
 besides the same time, the department is also trained to fight against hawkers.
 in non-missity guarantees, the debtors of assets should be borne in custody and maintenance of the debtor's responsibility as a debtor.
 i am confident that these arrangements, especially for mutual legal assistance, will be open to the future.
 however, in the context of urgent steps, we have not yet seen any significant progress in any meaningful progress.
 there were explosions in the vicinity of the explosion, but there were no casualties.
 the council also started to hold a new <unk> " treaty conference, which is open to all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo noted that all measures have been taken to ensure that all the futures are in place.
 the office is also not mentioned in section 8 of the document.
 as of the secretary for constitutional affairs, i would like to accept that some things have been too close to the election.
 equitable distribution of wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies need to be filled, and the suspension of meeting will be resumed at the same day.
 the carparks of the visitors centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth in growth of clients's customers remained stable, and the performance of the 500 industrial index is substantially better.
 a lot of people have to enjoy the use of car shopping in car shopping to convenience, but pays a large amount of a large amount of credit.
 in mid-july this year, li has joined the 8 world in the 8 worlds to participate in the 8 world's congress.
 the 3 ldc question conference will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development plan of mau wan island.
 on the basis of this commitment, france will submit to the secretariat as soon as possible to submit the details of these two units.
 the chairperson also stressed the need for the participation of the secretariat, including the preparation of background documents and direct participation in the preparation of background documents.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the human settlements committee.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>. <unk>. <unk>. <unk>. <unk>. <unk>. <unk>
 the small seventy is the happy and his girl's friend and love for his friends and loved love.
 mr cheung kin-tung is a keynote speech in hong kong's occupational safety and health management: "
 i wanted to ask you one thing, so i would like to look for you.
 the new advantages of hong kong's new airport is the most advanced state-of-the-art radar and other technological instruments.
 in spite of the limited availability of families in the economy, many small sums could be able to share a large number of funds.
 as to the draft articles on the draft articles, it would be too complicated that the content of the draft is too complex and needed.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law and we have to preserve the rule of law.
 the total resources available resources for the biennium 2002-2003 is in table 8.1 in table 8.
 as the secretary-general has said, all states needed to fulfil their commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the writer is not opposed to the employment of university students.
 until lin lin's more than 50 years old, they discovered that there was 180 degrees.
 by the israeli occupying forces, the israeli occupying forces are continuing to have the houses in the village, and burnt the building of another.
 there should be an opportunity to teach doctors in order to diagnose the symptoms as soon as possible to diagnose and governance.
 children prostitution, as in order to pay or any other forms of consideration, access to access to children or to facilitate sexual activity.
 these are no good achievement.
 meanwhile, the value of the metal products industry increased further by 2% in the value of orders for metal products.
 it is equally important that african countries have long-term external debts, which accounts for 1<unk>3 of the export earnings of these countries.
 after a multi-hour period of debates and many years, we are like to go back to the first point.
 the council has a total of 14 the panels of experts, and members of the members of the individual are experts in work with individual identity.
 as regards the expert unit, there will be more intensive tactical training.
 the entire project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a substitute for north-south cooperation, and should be seen as a complement to its complement.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is in the light of the collapse of the traditional family structure.
 to ensure that the quality of quality chinese texts are available, the chinese texts have been set up by the authorities.
 another thing is that the bank's business would be better to do so as long as the fireworks broke out.
 some people were injured.
 the delegation of ethiopia expresses its appreciation to unctad's leadership role in the field, but the topic would only raise solutions.
 the united nations military contingents will assist in helping those who might want to interfere with the process of democratization.
 however, in order to look at trade in the context of education, health and management, other priorities, such as educational, health and management.
 it was reported, however, that the authorities of the control institute had denied that the people had been transferred to the custody of the man.
 the special interests of political parties to the financial interests of political parties would be able to avoid strict control and transparent.
 it is expected that the year 2000 will be completed in 2000, which will be provided with background and exercises to the working group.
 at that time, he was unable to imagine that sun yu-yen's road experienced numerous days.
 mr chan wing-hung, chairman of the small and medium-and medium-sized enterprises (swd) held a report to the chief executive in conjunction with the committee.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed for tuesday, november 20, 2001.
 as a result of the history of the history of history, the new territories are largely controlled by collective officials.
 we welcome partnerships in these areas, " he added.
 if you want to make it clear, " love " you will not " love " love ".
 before may 1998, the indonesian security forces in iraq seems to be blamed by the indonesian security forces in iraq, irrespective of the authorities or local people.
 please watch the 4 series of new zealand's 4 collection, new zealand, and innovative countries.
 the adoption of the new integration of work adopted by the committee on 18 june 1998 was included in the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 15. in the testing of the testing system, i propose that the impact of the impact of the number of participation in the district and preservation of the whole is zoned.
 several of the programmes on this seminar would help to enhance the public awareness of the problem.
 a person under the age of 65 is the age of 65, with equal employment and income exceeding the minimum minimum.
 in general, it is not disclosed that this is not disclosed.
 he is well-known, who has always achieved a lot of commitment to the legal aspects of the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent authorities to conduct a review on the immediate basis of the ordinance by the highest international standards.
 " the labour department will seek a suitable vacancy and helping them under the scheme under the scheme, " he said.
 this cooperation has recently been prepared by china recently in the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games in beijing.
 recently, a lecturer from the mainland from the mainland, a lecturer from university of hong kong.
 as a whole, the existing system has played a system of checks and balances.
 he said that if someone was stolen, it would be cut off his hand, and it was assured that a few thousand people had been assured.
 the kosovo serbs participate in the elections, indicating the importance of the importance of self-government in the provisional self-government.
 the marker was the ruf headquarters in the ruf.
 the signboards of taipei taipei's dignity, and now on the door of the new painting room.
 the name was not disclosed by the government, " said the official, " the spokesman said, " the spokesman said.
 1944 was born in new zealand, rice in new zealand, canberrat, middle school, canberra university and australia university.
 in the traditional market, there are two chickens in the traditional market.
 details of the proposal, in both english and chinese, has been put up at the notices near the proposed site for public inspection.
 because the dpp has established a new democratic party.
 in the manufacturing sector, it is indeed a few employees ' choice.
 the claimant provided guarantees for export credit for exporters and contractors.
 with the help of the assistance of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a national plan for the implementation of the platform for action in various areas.
 the committee recommends that more attention be paid to the accuracy of estimates.
 the code of all persons in estonia has the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union considers that the lusaka agreement would be a viable basis for the conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted the world bank's office at bangkok: " nobody knows how much is the cost. "
 this is the " red camera ", and the people's publishing publishing publishing publishing publishing publishing publishing publishing publishing publication.
 madam president, the secretary-general's grand secretary-general is today's " food life " and we should not go on.
 under the dark atmosphere of this dark atmosphere, i might say that some more than we were going on.
 the annexes contains the comments made by the government of the japanese government to the statute of the international court of justice.
 in the performance of the performance, the response reactions were warmly, and the staff members were greatly encouraged.
 i would also like some examples, and some complaints have complained that some of the chronic patients had been able to work to the hospital authority.
 the approved ozp is necessary to reflect the latest development proposals for the latest development proposals in kowloon.
 actually, i have all arrived at chongqing.
 the panel is in support of ensuring that gender issues were more sensitive to national census surveys in 2001.
 she is able to enjoy all civil rights as well as civil rights.
 all of the relevant departments will be involved in the process of activity to prevent victims from preventing victims from preventing victims.
 with respect to this obligation of the state party, the committee notes that, in some cases, reports have referred to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general cases, 100 fighters per hour can be fired from approximately 15000 small arms ammunition.
 secondly, the reduction in the situation was lowered.
 we shall first act on the draft resolution on the economic and other activities which affect the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 defendants admit that he was his own daughter.
 moreover, no cash has been made available at the current level of peace-keeping funds.
 my delegation is also grateful to the under-secretary-general for guono nor and the special representative of the special representative, to us this morning.
 the decline in developing countries in the developing countries, which resulted in a drop in the financial turmoil of the developing countries.
 a international seminar was held in prague and the government of the czech republic, on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 the total number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged in the transfer of a banking licence, so that the number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged.
 this mainly attributed to a number of countries in the past 5 years that have been achieved or not achieved in the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of aids has led to the suffering of children and orphans suffering from the children<unk> the tribal conflict has increased even more on their sufferings.
 in january this year, mr. sergio de mello, proposed to the council in january this year, to strengthen civilian police dealing with complicated operations.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia is now non-existent.
 youth is about 19 per cent of the population of africa, with a 19 per cent of the population growth in africa.
 at the same time, hong kong and some countries in hong kong are even more bad, such as thailand, china, indonesia, korea and india.
 it is a typical consumer in the united states to look at 1 000 advertisements in the life of the united states.
 it is important to believe that the humanitarian situation in iraq must be in mind that the humanitarian situation in iraq is disastrous.
 this is a matter of how to play.
 the office of disarmament has requested the department to help the ministry of disarmament to assist the financial commitment of the new form of political will.
 what we are our financial position is more than britain than britain's luck. so there is no need for us to do so.
 the last time that bin laden's image was last seen in 2004, but his deputy, al-qaeda, was frequently used by the deputy.
 a 4 area is the establishment of the rule of law based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up the working group chaired by the government to reduce the reduction of waste reduction plans by mr tam tam.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government did not respond to this matter, " he said.
 before the performance of national musicians, ms. hui-yuan made a brief nature of national musicians, and the old clan of music of ethnic society.
 the gross surplus of the industry accounted by 7.2% of the total receipts in the services sector, which was a 1 percentage point higher than in 1995.
 in post-conflict societies, children have a dominant position and children need to be care.
 the bosnian serb forces have conducted military attacks on the targets of the civilian population, and there are casualties every day.
 a spokesman for the department said that 2550 visits were successfully completed in the field-wide investigation period for 5 weeks.
 with the chickens, the chickens were tested through inspection and blood before, " he said.
 he said the secretariat hopes that the executive board would provide guidance on whether they continue to continue.
 the demilitarized zone is a zone of 240 kilometres long and extends 10 kilometres into iraq and 5 kilometres into kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children work in the service are involved in the girl.
 as a result, the administration has set a number of measures to ensure that women prisoners are to ensure that female prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlateloco).
 taiwan's 1 term to cruise liu ming-ming, as the war as war has come to taiwan.
 the central meteorological observatory is expected to have adverse fog fog on the eve of the eve of north china and south china.
 the section recalls the reason that the right to food is not the reason for the court.
 at the end of the 19 century, the bullo was handed into taiwan as a result of colonials.
 the penal code and criminal procedures act has been amended to enrich the national legal system.
 there is no need for any person to take appropriate legal sanctions to the use of arms-producing arms, which will be able to facilitate the process of compliance with the mandate.
 the government, together with the business sector to launch a series of activities, is designed to consolidate confidence in hong kong's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces were too large and the federal budget could not be maintained.
 following the dinner, the hong kong ballet group of the hong kong ballet was held in the event.
 speaking at the opening ceremony, the director of home affairs lee li-yuen said: " all along hong kong has always been a social society.
 on 30 may, there have been a new fighting in the jijim, loyal to general, the troops from the taliban and the taliban in the north-western place.
 computer systems in the computer system is very easy and also triggered a number of major problems related to the privacy and other concerned concerned.
 this document will be included in a voluntary basis for the security situation in the asean region, indicating which major developments have been found in regional security.
 on every day, the soldiers said that the same day would take the items, but then he had been delayed.
 " the more effective implementation of the mpf system is the better burden, " the spokesman said.
 the committee was informed that the vehicle originated from the united nations assistance mission from united nations assistance in rwanda.
 on the contrary, they often affect the people of the people as the enemy, and therefore, for the people of the people, they have no solidarity.
 the railway system is an integral part of the system of transport systems in hong kong.
 under the provisions of the convention, the recognition of troop-contributing countries was an important partner for peacekeeping operations.
 i think this would be my voters.
 through this election, china will ensure that hong kong is a special representative of hong kong.
 it appears that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not use the procedure.
 it is therefore not to follow follow-up to a new area, but not to go back to the new areas, " he said.
 after adjudication, the results of the results will be issued in july.
 john john began in the 1940s and over half a century.
 but the president, however, has a lot of doubt today to this council's bill, namely, the bill in this transitional period.
 after he arrived in the united states, he was arrested by new zealand from the united states on new zealand.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, briefed the secretary for 2003 and the economic outlook of the future.
 the economy also relies on energy resources, particularly the natural gas production and processing.
 some experts indicated that the statistics proposed by some experts have indicated that statistics have not been adequately reflected in the scale.
 therefore, we need to choose to be different from different places in different areas.
 during economic reform and china's implementation of economic reforms, the exchange rate had a black market price.
 in the shanghai forum, bishishk has been established within the forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that it has also changed.
 we will continue to persuade young people to persuade young people to abuse for health, " he said.
 part of some of the results are: apart from religious books, social studies, science and mathematics, agriculture and reading of materials.
 this year, the total value of this year's stalls were $ 105500, representing an almost 24% over the last year.
 these provisions should be invoked, and it is still discussed with the chinese side.
 non-concurrent items of the united nations operational rate of the united nations operational rate of a transaction was replaced by historical costs in other currencies.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is a fundamental approach to respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have a 2 consecutive year in the best services sector, " he said.
 since the incident, i am informed of the strong dissatisfaction of the government concerned about such behaviour.
 " it is necessary to amend the scheme in order to reflect the latest land use in the north-east lantau port, " the spokesman said.
 this is forced for bilateral negotiations at that stage.
 to that end, member states must have assessed contributions on time, the full and unconditional payment of their legal obligations.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 in the past half a century, human beings live in the danger of a nuclear danger.
 he said that as a matter of resolving these problems, set up a committee on the prime minister of prime minister.
 the longer time has been ready for an appropriate manner, and the longer the time it is necessary for 2003-2004.
 there is no other groups that have been separated in the case.
 the seriousness of the act is comparable to that of serious breaches of article 3 of the geneva conventions ".
 (2) the key accounting policy of these financial statements are important as a description of the statements to the financial statements.
 among them, there will be heavy rains in some parts of the south and south of south-eastern west.
 on behalf of the government and people of the comoros and people, i would like to express our condolences to the members of the israeli government.
 undp has not carried out a comprehensive programme of confidence-building trust in undp.
 the bureau of the year 2000 is a vice-chairmen, chaired by the bureau of man, manar man, president, mali and ukraine as vice-chairmen.
 ohchr will promote the development of the right to development in relation to the development of strategies, planning, planning, policy and operational activities.
 the vocational training council (csd) is at present a weekly average of about 70 candidates.
 after the culprits fled the escape, the culprit entered the house. he went to him on him.
 authorities have announced that today is a state-day day.
 for example, the number of psides have been set up in phase iii, but it was very late for the year 1998.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, to work and employment.
 the volume of printing has been reduced by 30 per cent.
